[IMP] sales: add loyalty card button 17 (#10098)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/loyalty_discount.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: Program items smart button on the loyalty program form.

> .. note::
>   In Odoo 17 (and later), when a loyalty/coupon card is related to a contact in the database, a
>   :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards` smart button appears on the contact form.
> 
>   .. image:: loyalty_discount/loyalty-cards-smart-button.png
>     :align: center
>     :alt: The Loyalty Card smart button as it appears on a contact form in Odoo 17.
> 
>   This smart button **only** appears if a loyaly/coupon card is associated with the contact.

Reviewer: - fix indentation to align with the block's tag
- separate loyalty card and coupon (they have different meanings despite similar functionality)
- remove redundant sentence

```suggestion
.. note::
   In Odoo 17 (and later), when a loyalty card or coupon is associated with a contact in the
   database, a :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards` smart button conditionally appears on the contact form.

   .. image:: loyalty_discount/loyalty-cards-smart-button.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Loyalty Card smart button as it appears on a contact form in Odoo 17.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Program items smart button on the loyalty program form.

.. note::

>   In Odoo 17 (and above), if a loyalty/coupon card is related to a contact in the database, a

Reviewer 2: totally a nitpick. What you have before works (:
```suggestion
  In Odoo 17 (and later), if a loyalty/coupon card is related to a contact in the database, a
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Program items smart button on the loyalty program form.

.. note::
   In Odoo 17 (and later), when a loyalty card or coupon is associated with a contact in the
   database, a :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards` smart button conditionally appears on the contact form.

   .. image:: loyalty_discount/loyalty-cards-smart-button.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Loyalty Card smart button as it appears on a contact form in Odoo 17.

>   This smart button **only** appears if a loyaly card or coupon is associated with the contact.

Reviewer 3: Alignment and typo :)
```suggestion
   This smart button **only** appears if a loyalty card or coupon is associated with the contact.
```
